Hum Luo Yingxue
You stinky village girl who can't even have a son
Why are you robbing me of a man, Miss Luo?
The eldest lady of the Shenduluo family, right?
Yang Qingfeng
I'll ask you for the sake of seeing that you saved the two of me
Luo Yingxue, don't say that
I've never seen you before.
This marriage must be divorced today
Never saved me
Where did your jade pendant come from?
What you said is
This one.
This is our trash illegitimate child
illegitimate child
who is he?
My father's illegitimate son in the country
It certainly is.
Fortunately, I met a colleague
For someone like you
I won't even look at you
Unexpectedly, I paid for 6 years of courage by mistake
It's time to end
This divorce agreement
It's these tens of billions of dollars worth of gifts
Angry I can't think of it.
Why waste so much time?
These gifts are all Zhuang
The shovel given to Shanshan by the four families of Zhou
What does it have to do with you?
Good mother please Buddha
Since you don't invite
Don't blame me
Hello cousin
Notify the four families
Ask them to take back all the gifts they gave to the Yang family
Luo Yingshen, you are really dying of laughter
I really thought I could call Zhuang Zhou with just a phone call
Sinon family
I really think of myself as a big lady